Hello! Hello, you apes! Well, welcome. My name is Mitch Hurwitz. I'm the temporary cop
stroller here in Harmontown. Is that what the guy's name is? Dan Harmon, I understand.
Well, I want you to give it up. He's not even backstage yet, so don't give it up, I guess.
Just hang on to it, and get ready to say hello to the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Thank you. Thank you, guest cop stroller Mitch Hurwitz. Thank you. Thank you very much.
I'm sorry, I didn't know that you didn't know, but for some reason I always come up through the crowd.
I don't know much about anything. I was listening to Harmontown on the way over to kind of prepare.
And suddenly you had a sense that Jeff always sees me in the back room.
First of all, I didn't realize you were recording it. So people elect to listen to this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They drive to work, or they, I don't know.
It's a whole new world full of less fame and more stuff to listen to.
No, I do know all about it. In fact, I was here, you know, Dan doesn't like people to know this part of it,
but we started our rehearsal early today. We did this at one o'clock.
And I hope I remember everything. Yeah.
It is the only thing that I ask people that are involved in the show to...
Sorry. That was your line. Sorry, sorry.
To keep a secret is the amount of preparation that goes into the show, because I find it uncharismatic.
I like to pretend that we stay in the moment here at the show.
I'm less groomed than the normal Comptroller. Did you notice that?
No. Oh, then Jeff, you mean? Because he's so dapper.
Yeah, he's very dapper. And actually, maybe later we can talk about some grooming ideas for me,
because I just looked in the mirror on the way out here and I thought,
I might be too old for this hairstyle.
What do you mean? Well, we'll get to it. We'll get to it. We'll get to it. We'll do your thing.
What do you do different?
What do I get your opinion on? I mean, I guess you could shave it down, though,
like a little short... That sounds sexy.
You could grow it out into a big old poofy thing.
Those are the only two things I can imagine based on what I'm seeing. Yeah, I really have the two options.
It could be longer or shorter. Small ball, large ball.
Not the guy to talk to about this. I will go to the stylist sometimes and just say,
small ball me, will you? But you're very...
Look, let's try not to have the whole show be you and I just blowing each other,
but you're a very handsome man.
Thank you. I'm going to just really quickly take off my shirt and I want to show you.
Wow. No, I'm not.
I was shocked when I met you because I assumed from how talented you were
that you must have been 800 pounds.
The first time I ever saw you physically, I went to the Asset of Arrested Development shooting.
I remember meeting you. And for some reason I didn't Google image search you
to be prepared for anything. I just pictured this mountain of a man
with birds and squirrels and his beard.
I know that's a compliment. It is.
I don't feel like saying thank you.
I pictured David Milch as being slightly less, like a slightly less
large mountain with a couple less squirrels. I pictured Vince Gilligan as being like,
I don't know, like maybe... Steve Buscemi.
...twice as fat as both of us, but with like a corkshoe-shaped dick or something.
I automatically assume if people are that talented that they ought to be nice.
That's very nice. Well, I'm getting there. I do remember when I met you,
I think the first thing I said so as not to scare you off was fuck them.
You were like, yeah, right? I was like, no, because it was right after the whole event.
It was a dream come true because you were like an oily salve
on my gaping wounds.
Again, I don't feel like saying thank you.
But I know it's a nice thing that you're...
I also thought you'd be cranky and not approachable.
This is all self-justification. I think like, okay, I'm a bad person in this way,
that way, that way. So as long as the guy that made the rest of development
is fatter and more of an asshole, that puts me on a map that makes sense.
I think I'll just hide it better. I really do.
I can be more of an asshole tonight, if you'd like.
Just try it for five minutes. Just give us a taste.
I'll be like Niles to your Frasier.
Just give it a taste. Let's just give it a taste so we can turn it off.
So what else is going on in the news today?
I guess our vice president is up to his old tricks again.
Well, I haven't seen a paper in a while.
Health care is at an all-time health...
You know, don't you agree?
It's all bullshit, man. It's all bullshit.
Stop those guys.
This is you being an asshole.
All right, all right, all right. Let's reset.
So I've got a... Let's see. I took a bath tonight.
Thank you.
You're a big water displacement guy, right?
You're a whole...
You don't care about weight.
My argument is principles, yes.
Yeah, you care about mass.
I don't care about water.
I took a bath, and I love taking bubble baths,
but Aaron bought me for my birthday a waterproof iPad sleeve.
It's just a plastic bag that seals,
but the plastic is made out of a material
that allows for your wet soapy fingers to pinch and zoom and tap
and double tap right through the bag.
And you got... Just because I missed a couple of shows,
but you got her a diamond ring, didn't you?
Wasn't there a...
As I recall, there was like a big, large...
That was fitted that you actually...
But it was definitely the waterproof iPad case of engagement.
And she's getting the iPad case of husbands, for sure.
She's ahead. She's a more generous person than me,
no matter how much I would ever give her.
But she...
And it's not like a thing...
You don't submerge it.
It's not like, hey, submerge it.
There's not a picture on the cover of an Asian girl in a pool
with goggles smiling.
Like a picture of a fish on the iPad under the water.
Right, with a burst that says, like, try submerging it.
It also doesn't say, don't submerge it,
I assume you shouldn't just, like, hold it under and tempt fate.
But the big difference is, if this is a thing that you put on your iPad,
if you dropped it, definitely, and you just grab it and fish it out,
it's gonna be fine.
And that makes the world of difference.
So, like, here's the thing about my life.
Two things, like, keep me going.
Hot soapy baths.
And tweeting, I guess.
Usually just at people who say, like, oh,
I was disappointed in the last night's episode,
and I just go, fuck off, fuck off!
And then I just...
It feels like I took a bath with my...
in my heart or something.
And I'm, like, so...
You drew a buoyance.
Whenever I would get into the bath,
most people, like, they get out when they feel clean or they feel pruney.
And I would get out when I've...
I haven't tweeted in a while.
Yeah, okay, I get it.
So, somebody might be saying, hey, good show last night.
Yeah, or I was disappointed.
I would get off my ass and say, thank you.
I was disappointed in last night's episode.
Don't say anything. Just take a bath if you agree.
And then I miss it.
Oh, you miss it.
Sorry, I already blocked you, bro.
Carmen admits mistakes were made.
Yeah.
So I sunk into this soapy water
and I tweeted, I'm taking a bath.
And I took a picture of myself taking a bath.
And then I had nothing else to say.
But I took the longest bath in the world
because I had the...
It didn't... I never used it again.
I didn't do anything with it.
But it was there in a plastic bag next to the tub.
So I took the world's longest, most satisfying bath.
Great. You could have watched,
you could have watched, like, Showa on your iPad.
And just really, just dug it.
Just enjoyed it, relaxed.
Because you love the Holocaust, right?
Wasn't that you?
Is Showa a...
Oh, it's a hoot.
Rob Schrab, who's coming out later,
did a very funny comic book about it.
It's about the Holocaust.
I stopped taking baths when I realized,
which was late in life.
I mean, I was in my late 20s
when I realized that the penis floats.
Yes.
And it floats.
For those of you, I guess,
who are women,
or under 29.
And I didn't like...
I didn't like seeing it in there,
in the bubbles.
You know what I mean?
Well, it embarrassed me.
I'm sorry to say that I do not have that problem.
My balls float.
The penis doesn't float.
My penis, as I've said on this podcast,
is a...
I'm proud of it.
I've heard great things.
If there was no such thing
as this whole mythology
of size and stuff,
apparatus-wise,
it's very functional.
I would look at it as Darwin.
This is a very fit specimen.
Because that thing,
when it's not needed,
boom, it's gone.
And that, I think,
in a world of saber-toothed tigers,
is like, that's valuable.
I'm impressed by that.
This guy's like Inspector Gadget.
I'll tell you what's not impressive
are the balls.
Because if you think...
Mine are giant and they're unwieldy.
But go on, please.
I think they're all unwieldy.
I mean, that's the nature of the ball.
But you know why
they're on the outside of the body?
I'm sure you do.
Apparently, spermatogenesis
requires one degree difference.
I've never understood this about God.
It's the argument against intelligent design.
It really is.
Because it's like...
Oh, the eyeball's so complicated.
Yeah, let's talk about your nuts, you fucking idiot.
And the solution, the design solution,
which, if Apple came up with it,
you would blog how much you hate the thing,
is, how about a sack?
How about a sack on the outside?
Maybe in one of the hands?
Gentlemen, what if part of the inside of the body
was outside the body?
It's never going to be a problem.
People walk on all fours.
It's protected.
Yes.
Because they always explain that in health class.
They go, well, you need one degree cooler
than body temperature
to make sperm.
You can't figure out a solution to this
to make my body.
Here's your new Jaguar.
As you can see, it's a convertible.
It's got that nice little grill.
This is sort of a floppy sack full of gasoline.
Make sure not to hit anything against that.
The answer is absolutely,
you couldn't figure out a solution.
If you were Steve Jobs,
and God is not Steve Jobs,
I'm not saying he's not as smart.
I'm saying he gives way less of a shit
about design.
About customer satisfaction.
We got mad at Steve Jobs,
and he said, then don't hold it that way
when the antenna was on the other side for the first time.
God doesn't answer your emails.
How's that for a start?
When you get a human body, it's not always set to
Cupertino time.
It's not that kind of...
It's a horrible...
I mean, even under the armpit would be...
would make more sense.
Kind of keep your arm down.
There's got to be a chemical way.
Even as humans, with our short time with intelligence,
we've learned how to design things
that chemically can create...
could be one degree lower or higher in temperature.
We've done great.
I have toe warmers in my boots.
Not right now.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe they're just waiting for us to discover
we need a testicle cooler.
Because they do retract again if you're under a certain age
or you're a woman.
They're always moving.
They get around.
When you...
If you ever just lay...
If you ever have a healthy relationship enough
where you're just laying on your bed naked
and in your full Shamu glory
and just air drying
after a shower or something.
And you bother to look down
at your balls.
The first thing you'd think would be like,
I'm never going to get a woman.
And if I did,
she would be so disgusting
to like...
continually
shifts and moves
like a river of magma.
Like some kind of
weird psychedelic...
It's self-conscious.
It's incredibly self-conscious.
There's nerve endings in your balls,
to be sure, but there's nothing...
It's only visual. When you look down at it,
you have to see it. You have to catch it in the act.
Shifting and pulsing
and adjusting
to what?
There's nothing that has to do with me.
Doesn't care if community was good last night.
It has no reaction to anything.
Just stay in ready.
Just moving around. Stay in ready.
I guess based on making that one temperature...
Yeah, and kind of getting ready
to get ready for sex
and kind of thinking like, hey, let's not let these guys get too productive.
Right? Let's distract them.
I have to imagine that
pants...
that they raise the temperature
for your balls by at least a degree.
That's interesting.
Thank you for pretending that's the case.
The problem is, you know,
these universities,
they just don't give up the research money
for a while.
You got to sound so smart, you know, and they don't...
I remember reading that our sperm count
had dropped since the days of World War II.
Well, you know what has dropped is our testosterone.
Oh, really?
I think it's just because we're nervous, but...
No, it has.
I talked to a doctor recently,
who did a whole blood panel,
and he said, you know,
in my generation, it would have been like 1200.
And if it dipped below 1200,
you know, I would really feel like weeping all the time.
Your generation, he said,
you want to be around 800.
And he said, young people today, it's like 400.
Wait, what?
That's what this nut told me.
Can't say his name. He was kind of an interesting dude.
But apparently there is a worldwide trend.
And we know this is happening in Asia.
Right? They're having a lot less sex.
Huh?
Yeah. Really?
Yeah, this could be it.
Society could end at nerd melt.
That's as great as we ever got.
You know, we had aqueducts,
and then we had the computer,
and then we did these podcasts, and that was it.
I hadn't heard that,
but I remember becoming terrified in biology class.
A biology teacher explained, he said,
you know, populations of mammals
as they outgrow their food supply,
they radically change in behavior.
If you have a relatively
closed-off warehouse full of rats
and a certain amount of food in that warehouse,
the rats will hit a point
where they're conscious as a species
or that localized population
of the amount of food that's left.
And they will spontaneously
engage in self-mutilation
and murder
and all kinds of
just, well, very familiar-sounding behaviors.
Yeah, to us.
Right.
And not to rats.
And I just remember hearing that,
and he didn't even bother to say,
so think about it.
He was just pointing that out about mammals,
and I was like, holy shit, that's what we're doing.
I mean, this is the guy you strangled, right?
Because
you had to stay there during the snow or something?
No, it is.
It's a problem.
We had 6 billion, what, 20 years ago,
and now we got 9 billion.
I don't want to bum you guys out.
You can't bum these guys out.
Like yeast.
When yeast is deprived of oxygen,
which it really needs, right?
If you put it at the bottom of a bunch of grape juice,
it makes alcohol.
So maybe that's our destiny.
Yeah, that's why we have alcohol.
Because they want
oxygen,
but there's nothing there but fruit juice.
And it happens in our body, too.
So that's how you create alcohol.
Let's try it.
The opposite of making lemons out of lemons,
or lemonade out of lemons,
it's like making poison out of...
out of lemonade.
Right.
Not enough lemonade.
Like, you're saying that, well,
yeast isn't getting drunk, though.
No, yeast is basically
shitting alcohol.
Well, I don't know how much you want to reveal.
No, tell them anything.
So we went out the other day.
And we said, what can you shit?
Um...
Mitch shit the entire bill of rights.
Now, here's what's...
I swear to God, I found one typo.
There was one typo.
Not true.
Self... self... self-ervident.
And I didn't bother to point it out.
Those were, you know, my S's and my F's
when I shit bills of rights.
I do it the way they did it.
The preffident shall have.
All right.
Well, we have some friends here tonight.
I guess we should bring them out,
since we've covered all of these.
They're still friends.
They have fundamental material.
They're our first friend that's out here.
He's celebrating a special event.
He's my best friend from Milwaukee
before I moved to L.A.
The reason I moved to L.A.
is because this guy I was doing stand-up
and improv with created this comic book
at the film rights option by Oliver Stone.
And so we moved out to L.A.
because we thought that that meant
it's time to participate in Hollywood.
And we were so wrong and so naive,
but thank God we were.
And he's the beginning
of the second chapter
of my life.
He's the... he's my everything.
He's experienced all the grief
and disillusionment and triumphs
and victories from, like,
the age of 20 to the age of 35
with me.
And it just so happens that comic book
that he created on his kitchen table,
it turns 20 years old on Wednesday,
which should make me feel sad.
But it...
I don't know.
I think you get to a certain age
where that kind of stuff makes you feel good.
I think that's absolutely true.
That's the fantasy
of pharaohs and kings
and fat people with rec rooms
is to make something that lasts 20 years.
So let's bring out
somebody who's made something that lasts 20 years,
my friend Rob Schrab.
Rob is wearing his
Skud the disposable assassin baseball cap,
Skud t-shirt,
his fireman press,
his gun jacket.
Uh, yeah, yeah.
You're all decked out.
Now, you're a man of means.
You've got your own career.
You've moved beyond this comic book you created.
Yes.
You're not here scratching for dough.
No, no. Wait, I'm sorry. You get paid for this?
I don't think he does.
He's not here
scratching for dough.
He's got plenty of ways to be happy
if all he cares about is material things.
But you have an emotional attachment
to this product you created when we were kids.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I created it
when I was 23
and it came out
1994, same year as
Pulp Fiction.
And
when the World Trade Center came down.
And what? No, nothing.
I mislanded a joke that
What were you talking over each other?
I'm going to take this off
because it makes my ears look
weird.
Your ears look amazing now, by the way.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, Mitch.
Have you mentioned what the name of the book is yet?
No, I don't think I have, actually.
It's Skud, the disposable assassin.
Skud.
Where is it? I saw it back.
I laid out some vintage
Skuds
on some of your chairs.
This is
all of Skud number fours.
This was the first time you and I
really, well, we wrote sketches and stuff together
but this was the first time we wrote like a story.
Right. Because we wrote some comedy sketches
together, you trusted me enough
to, you said like, hey, write
this next issue of my comic book and stuff.
Correct. Yeah.
You were the first person to learn that
I'm a bad, I have a very bad work ethic.
I remember a lot of answering machine
messages from you going, come on, man.
Why?
Just tell me how far you are.
For young people. Oh, water under a bridge.
20 years ago, we had answering machines
for the young people.
You're probably picturing robots that answered the phone
but no, it was just like a tape recorder.
I mean, we had, yeah, and you think,
oh, how lame answering machines, but holy shit,
like, we had these cassette tapes
and like,
every time I called Rob,
I would do a character.
Yeah. Back in the early days of our
improv training that everything was a bit.
Everything had to be funny, everything had to be
a bit. We were, we were so, we were
so into comedy.
It's me, Mr. Philips.
Look up on me, Rob, Rob, I'm just a refrigerator
here for him, yeah.
And then seriously, pick me up at the hospital.
Yeah.
And so for one of my birthdays, Rob
gave me a cassette tape
unlabeled that was
a year
of all of my shitty
comedy messages to him.
Which you can't do these days. It's a little blue.
A little blue. There's a blue material in there.
The funny thing is that our technology
now allows for so much more,
but it's not as, I don't know, it was
analog, so it was actually, it was more
logical to do it. It was like one of those
two hour tapes, you know,
and, you know,
kids and
tapes. What are you, a little Scotch?
But
each message was, you know,
probably, hey man,
give me a call back.
Listen, I'm over here. I got
one foot, sure could use two.
You know, just dumb fucking
garbage.
Another lot of racist shit.
Lot of racist shit. Because it was 93.
Well, because we knew at that time
that African Americans would never get
answering machines.
It was safe, you know.
There was some amazing stuff in there too.
It expressed your fears.
But
there was a lot of raps.
Yeah, a lot of raps.
There was a lot of music in there.
But it was like, it took forever.
And I knew like your birthday was coming up,
and I had like another like five minutes to go.
So I would just like,
I gotta know, like call you up
with the answering machine or whatever.
Like on or whatever.
And there was like the last couple of phones
like, what the fuck are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm, fuck.
This is so fucking stupid.
Why are you doing this?
Fuck you.
Seriously?
Again? Fuck off.
We had to fill the tape.
Oh, gosh.
And let's, do you want to, let's
I brought it here tonight.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's not the tape.
No, I wish, I wish
the tape doesn't exist.
That would have been cool, but
you listen to it probably
Well, I probably listen to it 15 times
which is, which is
unfortunately I was in a relationship at the time
and my girlfriend, not a fan
of the tape.
If you're dating, if you're dating somebody
who secretly hates you
you sitting there going
listen to how funny I am
something's gonna start
boiling
It's so funny to me looking back
how she must have like
You want to hear what happened?
Who wants to hear what happened?
Picture making
something for your best friend
that took a year
something really personal
something that was actually incredibly entertaining
something that
So like a bigger than like an iPad waterproof case
There you go.
So like a real
diamond ring
A big deal, a big deal
Throw out any carrot you wish
It was something
really, something that would be
like you would frame that
like now
and then people would go, well, did you want to listen to it?
Well, okay, I have to buy
like a thing on eBay to play it
but here's this thing
you had it
maybe a week and then one day
because I would
before I gave it to you, I would listen to it
I went, so I went to
I thought it was that funny
I went to my girlfriend's place
and I wanted to listen to it for a 16th time
Why don't we
stay in and listen
to my drunk friend Rob
leave a message on my old machine
I just want to lay in bed
with you and listen, it's exactly
I mean, my heart goes out to this poor woman
We can use the good speakers
We use the good speakers
any regular
normal non-psychopath
person would go, would roll their eyes
and go, ugh, god
You know what, that's not as entertaining to me as it is to you
It sounds, yeah
Boy, you got to get over yourself
You would at least give it like a couple of months
maybe a year
You wouldn't go, well, that's pretty impressive
that your friend did put that much
work into it
But this is what happened
I couldn't find it
I wanted to listen to it again
And
I said, sweet story
Where is it?
She said, well, you left it
on the window sill
and it rained
and the rain
damaged it so much that
I thought it was best to just throw it away
Right, right
Wow
Because you know when
you have like a tape
that gets wet
it just disintegrates
We've all had those tapes
that disintegrate when water
I mean, let it dry out
We've all been in those house cleaning
jacks where you just, you can't like
where else would I put this besides the garbage
I didn't have to get a towel
Why would I hold on to this
as proof of what I'm saying
Did you
grill or did you go, so the whole
tape was bad or just like
part of it that got wet
Did you listen to the whole thing?
I think I smelled a rat and I said
so
you thought
it would be best to
throw it in the garbage
so that I never had to see it wet
Throw it in the garbage
and then take it out of the
apartment as quickly as possible
and throw it into the
garbage truck as it's driving away
And it's not the best technology
Give it a couple of days. This thing will get
all warbled up and, you know, tangled
and those things fell apart like
everything is underwater
I think in that moment I realized
I was like, oh shit, I've been listening to that thing
a lot and she's been silently
she's been hating
Don't make her a hero
It took me a fucking year to make that thing
You were getting mad at me at the end
I have the perfect punishment
for her. She is currently Dan Harmon's
ex-girlfriend
I can't think of a worse fate
And head of the International
Monetary Fund
That's a big deal
Yeah, but honestly
Dan Harmon's ex
And she invented the CD
That was really the thing
Because she actually felt so bad
about it. Oh my god
Oh my god, there must be a way
I have to go to her
Device that can handle a
storm. Right.
I got it
She's just working so hard on it
and her new mentor love interest
played by Pierce Brosnan is like
Hey, take it easy
And she's like, I'm sorry, I just
I loved a man once
and I
His tape got rained on
I understand
That was a little
My girlfriend was killed by a volcano
Did you see that fucking movie
His girlfriend, really
She got murdered by a volcano
JFK style
He got into a car with her
What movie was this?
Dante's Peak
He gets into a car with her
And it's like, come on, cut
And looks over at her and goes
We're gonna be okay
That volcano can't get us now
Pierce Brosnan
A volcano rock
Flies through the
Because the volcano, it's personal
And it dissolves to
Pierce Brosnan doing crunches
On the floor of his apartment
Where he's been living
In fucking hatred of volcanoes
For sexual reasons
For the last 20 years
And the only thing that's gonna break him out of it
Is Linda Hamilton as a civil servant
Because she loves
He's fucking running a city so much
And it reminds me of how much she loved volcanoes
He actually
Says at one point, he says to Linda Hamilton
He goes, I love the woman once
She loved volcanoes
He says
Didn't they say that in Twister too?
I'm sure they did, yes
My parents love Twister so much
Well, in Twister they have to
They create a, they go, it's a category of Trinado
So that you can identify
That's the F5
That's the Trinado that killed my father
That's the combination of heat
And cold
It was twisty just like that
And there was stuff in it
That's the finger of God?
Isn't that what it...
I would know it if it wasn't the one that got my dad
It would still be twisty
The layman would make that mistake
That's what these hicks do
They sit on their porch with a shotgun
Twister, you killed me, Pappy
I'm a scientist
I know the one that got my dad
It had a little fin on the top
It had a pointed nose
Sharknado, I don't like this
New generation of purposefully ironic
Horror things, I sharked to push it
No good
A kiss doesn't get the joke
Kiss doesn't get the joke
Dan pointed at me, so I repeated it
When Schrab and I first moved to LA
We had a meeting
I swear it was Stuart Kornfeld that told us that story
Yeah, that was Jack Black that told us the story
Oh, really?
Because we were talking about heat vision and Jack
And how it needs to be played serious
Otherwise it's not funny
Jack Black told us the story
Going like, oh, I know what you mean
There's this parable, this anecdote
About some graphic designer
That was hired to design a poster
For a kiss reunion
And they made some poster that was sort of like
I don't know, I can't picture this
In my head, because I'm not
He's got Gene Simmons, but he's like winking
And big elbows
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm trying to picture the difference between a sincere kiss poster
And an ironic one, and I can't picture it
But the important part of the story
Is that Gene Simmons did
He looked at the poster
And handed it back to the person
And said, look babe, kiss doesn't get the joke
You've got me
Wearing the star on my eye
I don't get it, man
Kiss doesn't get the joke
Kiss has to think that they're demons
That have powers and stuff
I did, I thought they were scary
Hey man, kiss isn't in on the joke
And that's what that ended up being
That concert
Kiss isn't in on the joke
And that's what kiss stands for
Kiss isn't so smart
I want a rock and roll
All night
But I never want to be
Involved in the joke about it
I know I'm going off meter
But it's important that caveat
And party every day
Rock and roll all night
What are you guys laughing at
What's so funny
Who's laughing over here
Get this man out of here
I got two guys laughing at the back
I don't know if that beach ball is a bit
Anyway, party all day
Okay, they're having fun
Having fun with the beach ball
It's cool, if it's about how much fun is my weight
It's the way of life
You're an army, you're the kiss army
Armies don't have beach balls
Let's go invade Ario Speedwagon
Ario Speedwagon gets the joke
That was their big claim to fit
That's what Ario stands for
Yeah, we get the joke
In Latin
But at the end, when they were like 45
They'd come out in a big Speedwagon
It was a big fucking joke
It was so stupid
They'd have pacifiers in their butts
Ario Speedwagon
Ario Stationwagon
I think they started calling themselves
They'd come out in a grand safari
The Speedwagon had a beanie on board
Really a missed opportunity
All right
So it seems like the
Schrab.ells run dry enough
We have not talked about the
The thing, tell us about Skud
Tell us what it's
There's a lovely story by your wife
Who I just asked, are you still married?
But in fairness
That was just based on what you were wearing
I swear to God
We've known Schrab.for all nine years
He's dated Kate and now he's just recently married her
We're all astounded every day
That she doesn't dump him
Me too
She's a fucking trooper
She's crazy
She's Amish, right?
I think that might be what it is
Because of his technology, she thinks he's bionic
She doesn't know
She's on an extended rom spring
She wrote a beautiful forward
You guys are real funny
Real funny
This is my life
He just lights cigarettes
In front of her and she's like, wow
He's amazing
He's not that bright
He's verbally abusive
But he can make fire with his hand
And for that reason
I will stay with him
He has a box with moving images on it
All right
The floor is like crap
He started out so good
About this present that I took a year
To make
Now you're fucking with me
I'll read from the
Forward
When I first saw Rob
Schrab.make fire
I knew that even though
He could not make a hinge
He had special powers
So romantic
It's like those twilight stories
I guess, I assume
Do you do this to Kamel when he comes out here?
No I don't, let's bring out Kamel
Man of the hour
Hello
I'm not the man of the hour, Schrab.s the man of the hour
What are you talking about?
It's your 20th anniversary
Doing
Being 20 years older
Than you were 20 years ago
I heard about that
You know what, good job
In a way I am
I was just thinking that earlier today
Are you a Skutt fan, Kamel?
I haven't actually read
Oh Christ
It's a picture book
Can I take that again?
Can I give you another take?
Are you a Skutt fan, Kamel?
Not really, fuck
One more time
This is the worst
I'm a huge fan of Rob's
Before I met you
I watched
I can't remember the name of it
But that Channel 101 thing you did
Which was the
The answering machine thing
You liked that quite a bit
Yeah, I would listen to it with all my ex-girlfriends
Twiggy's Holiday
Yeah, it blew me away
I was visiting LA
Is it online?
Twiggy's Holiday
Is it Twiggy's Holiday?
I love Twiggy's Holiday
I love Skort
I love everything you've done
Skort
All the stuff
I just want to say
A couple of weeks ago
Hey, it's the 20th anniversary of mine
If I hand out some Skutt books at your show
Fuck it, man, I'll put you on stage
I mean, is that what you...
Is this a trap?
You gotta make fun of me
No
Your audience that loves you
What if it was Dan saying
The whole point was like, okay, we never got it published
We just made those two
I've been sending you checks
This also
I wasn't dating anyone
when you gave me that tape
I didn't think it was a very good answering machine
compilation
I found the edits were
sloppy. Hold on, let me finish
But I really like, like, are you gonna color
the book at some point?
Cause I know this spawn
was always so colorful
Yeah, that's good. Spawn's the best
It's just like spawn
I fucking love spawn, bro
But if you do them in color
you don't get to also sell them in the coloring
book section
So it gives you twice the...
Are you gonna do anything about this?
Are you gonna do anything about it?
You're starting this shit
Is there a pop-up version of the book?
Is there a pop-up version of it?
And Neil's taping all of this too
for you to jerk off later on
Fucking love it
Fucking love
I'm ruining him
I gotta shoot tomorrow
I'm gonna be groggy
What are you shooting tomorrow?
I'm shooting Mindy Project tomorrow
Nice
Kinda like Skud
Are you like shadowing somebody?
Get the fuck out of here
Get the fuck out of here!
You didn't even talk to me about this
What's your early? There's no format to the show
I didn't know they had an internship program
Well definitely don't tell them
about the comic book
You just, you know, follow the guy
I mean you make it funny
Your reactions make it funny
My reactions on the podcast
make it funny
My facial expression
I'm laughing right now
Well, okay, so for people who are listening
on the podcast, he's crying
And that's funny
That's why it's so funny
Because liquids usually supposed to come out of a faucet
He's a fucking cocksucker
Liquids come out of a faucet
When they come out of people's eyes
it's so funny to me
You don't even recognize expressions
Look, Water is leaking
from their eyes
They're called tears
as a symbol of their species weakness
That's what they think
Make the merciless
Make the merciless at that
Is that a movie you want?
No, in all seriousness
Here we go
In all seriousness, yeah
It's gonna start getting gay
In all seriousness, congratulations
on getting the Mindy project
That makes it worse, doesn't it?
Doesn't that make it worse?
Yeah, no
That makes it much worse
Well, this is like your fourth time directing
I know, he's so proficient
I've seen him direct up close and personal
He's bonafide
Did you say he's so proficient?
Did I?
We watched it with you, the one episode
and it was fucking fantastic
You're...
It is worse when we're sincere
We should go back
No, it looked like Mindy the whole time
Everything was in focus
Their lips and the words
that were coming out of their lips
were like, synced up
Remember when I sat in there
before you came out
Remember I said, hey, do me a favor
I'm worried that no one's gonna give a shit
about my comic books
You know, it's been a long time
Throw me a couple of bones here and there
Okay!
I smell blood in the water, bro
Yeah, alright
Seriously
Every time you say seriously
I will say this, seriously, folks
When I met you, I was very
intimidated because of Trigger's holiday
because you guys should go watch this
and the Death Cap for Cutie video
is like one of the best things I've ever seen
Thank you
Go watch it, it's called Crooked Teeth
What's it called? Crooked Teeth?
Crooked Teeth, this video
It's unbelievable
Yeah
Come on, let's get back to
making them cry
How do you know when you're a good TV director?
You just leave the set and it's not on fire?
It's an artless craft
As far as I'm concerned
I just don't have time to do it
I think it's that there's no story happening
during the commercial break
That's how you've done a good job
It's television
It's the opiate of the masses
It's like just marshmallow fluff
You did a very good job
this season
Why is this so fun?
Because he's a great straight man
He knows what he's doing
He's a fucking Abbott
Abbott got paid more than Costello
because it takes more talent
to sit and fume
It's funnier
Don't butter it up, man
Don't butter it
No, no, no, you're really greedy
Let me shit on you
He's a great kid
He loves everything I do anyway
Come on out here
These people do not love everything I do anyway
At any particular time
One of them will lunge out of the audience
Come up on stage and tell me
Why aren't you up here doing something
No, no, no
Seriously, you're always interrupting shit
at the wrong time
Interrupt him making fun of me
I notice you're super quiet now
It's your turn in the barrels, Rob
It's a very challenging thing
You don't want to say it
You write an episode of a sitcom
and you don't realize how anyone can do it
It is pretty easy
Dude, I just got a text to direct
an episode of the Mindy Project
I hope, you know
I'm gonna
You're gonna stop, right?
I'm gonna pass on it
I like that Ike Barron holds
He's funny
Just Mindy, no, you're gonna
He's like Donald Glover funny
I like him a lot
That's great too, I just met him two days ago
He's really good on that show
On that and newsroom
And Mindy's great too
I'm not suffering the illusion
she's sitting here listening in her bathtub
Oh, you didn't mention me
Come on, come on, say my name
Come on, come on
When will my name be mentioned?
But no, well
she runs the show
and she had the wisdom to walk into a writer's room
with Ike Barron holds
and then immediately grab him
and yank him and throw him onto camera
because I really
I feel like I've seen him in things before
Oh, I'm not sure he was on things
but he acts and writes and stuff like that
This is by far his big thing
I think he's so good
Yeah, he's on Eastbound
He's great on that, yeah
He's like Glover where you're just like, fuck you
This is turning more into just a conversation
and less into an interesting conversation
I just want to
as the Comptroller
I feel like we should now talk about
transhumanism or get into a whole new world
No, no, no, let's talk about gender
I feel like we didn't gender
We haven't really figured that one out
We haven't rules about gender
We haven't covered what's wrong with the woman's body
By the way
Yeah, what parts of that sag
Oh, there's three glaring mistakes
No, I'm not going to go there
What are they?
No, no, no, no
I think one of the biggest problems
with the design of the balls is that
they are the perfect kicking height too
like
low enough that everyone can get to it
but high enough that you get good momentum going
It's a really terrible design
If they were on the foot
you wouldn't get hurt as much
Why are there two of them also?
Just give me one terrible thing on my body
Or don't put them next to each other
Yeah, two
Separate them
Do you just have one big grapefruit one?
Who do you have?
Well, there's one scrotum
holding two little things in there, yeah
I've never looked that close
It's all about that bilateral symmetry
It's such a strange, but I guess
effective thing
Like everything got
Oh, so do I have redundancies?
One eye goes, the other eye goes fine
Should I move?
Here? No, no, no
You're doing this a lot
No, I'm just trying to make eye contact with everybody
That's not you
on stage, so
What's on your shirt?
What is this? Is this a detergent?
That's coming out
But you know we started
biologically obviously as like these
unicellular organisms
Well, the face itself
comes around from the back, it's true
The way it embryologically comes together
it like goes around the back
So this is just the seam
The nose is basically the seam
the part that you would sort of clip off
And your mouth is
Beautiful
Oh yeah, the mouth goes
exactly to your asshole
Because you're a worm, we're all worms
or donuts
The first multicellular organisms
they're just trying to
optimize
the surface area to
Digestance
And everything you eat
you're rubbing up against with the outside of your body
It's just that advanced organisms
we have a part of the outside of our body
we're like
these balloon animals
Part of the outside of our body
is inside our body
So when you eat a donut
it's moving, it's rubbing up against
the outside of your body
Donuts eating donuts, huh?
You're not going anywhere, Rob
No, do you know
why we stand direct?
Because
of capitalism
Because we really love the show
Because
it's less surface area
for the sun to hit
So we could be out at noon
when all the other animals were inside
I mean, that's one crazy theory
I mean, the most
amazing thing about us walking
erect is that it's probably the most dramatic
change
in evolutionary, well, certainly in
our evolutionary history
the amount of time
the amount of time it
took the human species to go from
to start walking
erect, that amount of pelvic shift
in the
amount of time that it happened
is so dramatic
Well, Camille, would you mind
kind of showing us? Take us through the
stages?
Why me?
Just seem really talented physically
Alright
It's not to humiliate you in any way
Just go ahead and get down on your knees there, buddy
I would
take us through the evolution of those
You could just say you're doing it
Stop it, if you're embarrassed
I feel much better if Schrab was doing it
No, no, no, no
By the way, I heard
and what I do is
when I hear a great theory
about evolution, I don't look it up
because I want it to be magical
is that our brains got too smart
so
that's why we all have back problems
You're disproving your theory
as you make your theory
Our brains got too smart
Like, okay, well, it's not that
Wait, am I the new Schrab?
Let's bring out Rob Schrab, everybody
Status change
Do we have to call it Schrab?
That's great, Rob, yay!
You got Schrab
Our brains got too smart
too quickly
and so that's why we have back problems
is that it would have made more sense
for the back to be completely straight
but we figured out ways to sort of go around that
No, no, no, no, we disagree about this
So is all of anthropological society
That's the beautiful thing about it
You can't get a straight answer about this
There is no straight answer
But here's an answer that's kind of interesting
about how we were around
Homosapiens
We were around
That word cracks me up
Homosapiens were around at the same time
as Neanderthals
and Neanderthals they discovered were actually
more intelligent, like by brain mass
versus body weight, which is really how you do it
They had religion first
They dug up the Neanderthals
Interestingly, they did not have creativity
That's where we were the ones making cave paintings
and then language and the written word
and then scud the disposable assassin
turn 20
And it was that
that gene for creativity that allowed us
to like wipe out the Neanderthals basically
because we could pass along what we learned
But I think it's an incredibly
important thing to also
like Neanderthals
they
they couldn't find
any Cro-Magnon burial sites
that had any
burial sites, period
Neanderthals, there were burial sites
everywhere and with all of them
like items
which indicates like
some kind of connection to
the concept of death
of death
which is so interesting when you think about like
Cro-Magnons were creating like these
we hunted them to extinction, I say we
like hey, we
we're the Packers
That's exactly
that's such a great, we hunted Neanderthals
to extinction because we basically
created like ranged weapons
like we
started throwing shit at things
Maybe Scott gave it to them and they were so enthralled
in how good it was
that then we murdered them
But it's interesting the idea that yes
also there is no Neanderthal as far as
we know it, there's no Neanderthal cave
paintings that Cro-Magnons were
starting to like so
this is what really disturbs me
the idea that it's possible to be creative
but have no emotional
attachment to people who die
which is like a sociopathic
we know a lot of artists like this
the Cro-Magnons were very creative and a lot of their sitcoms were very funny
but they didn't
they wanted to reach a lot of people
but they didn't give a fuck if you die
it was all multi-cam shit though
it was all
multi-cam shit
it was like motion capture
it was all multi-cave
multi-cave
dumb
I'm doing a single cave
you go into one chamber and you build one fire
but it's like more personal
it's like you look here and you look there
it's up to you
I know the audience
Cro-Magnon have multi-cave
I understand everyone go in
everyone laugh
I hear when funny
even when not funny
and we all
whitey still has
a lot of Neanderthal genes in us
that's the other thing
which Africans don't have
we have a little moment here
about all the great things you people have
we have everything
everything including drones
so everybody shut the fuck up
do you have keyless entry
we have keyless entry
do you have waterproof iPads
by the way I can't think of a greater present
than that
that is amazing
somebody put it on twitter
she's just doing it to keep me clean
she's luring me into the tub
like a dog
it's like a dog thinking
hey there's always a treat
in the back of that cage
on the way to the place where they give me the shots
exactly
the trail of donuts and then a waterproof iPad
but
so crow magnans fucked
Neanderthals we didn't just hunt them to extinction
we fucked right
well I don't think crow magnans and homo sapiens
were together at the same time
what's the difference between homo sapiens
and crow magnans
we're all missing very important pieces of information
like phd
the homo sapiens
the homo sapiens just make shit up
this is what we have creativity
homo sapiens have podcasts
and fucking overzealous
I feel like
what makes sense is that they were fucking
that's probably it
which one of them
had brown toe burgers
which one of them had cars that would tip over
if the ribs were too big
that would have been interesting
to go back and do a Flintstones
with what we know now about those people
and just you know
the rape
all animals have rape by the way
there's a caveman
you put a comma on that
and then ended the sentence
just what we know about the rape
by the way what's great about
Flintstones
I don't think it was like a lot of consenting caveman sex
what's great about Flintstones
is that it was animated but it still had a laugh track
so there's somebody drawing it and like
wait wait wait this is what it is
and then people laugh
really slow
I'm sure the audience was animated too
so think about MASH
during its 11 year run
MASH was a single camera comedy
based on a Robert Altman film
with a theme song
called Suicide is Painless
which they kept
well we don't want to lose that
Suicide is Painless
a single camera comedy about a war
about doctors patching people together
literally having blood spraying on their face
it was always
single camera but sometimes it had a
laugh track and sometimes it didn't
it didn't in the operating room
that was the distinction they made
when you're operating on it
I mean that's not a joke
they're still doing bits
but there's blood spraying
you know that I just saw 12 years of slave
over at Fox as a comedy
Kevin Hart
I don't know how
but that's the most horrible thing I've ever heard
it's going to be funny
we're not going to
we're going to keep some of this stuff and keep slave
but it's going to be fun
it can only run 12 seasons though
it's limited
it can only run 12 seasons
I heard
you worked a lot of home alone elements into it
he's trying to stop
being a slave and there's like
there's bumbling slave owners
where these two white slave owners
they bonk heads
and he uses a MacGyver like
kind of intuition to
that's the whole joke of the thing
he's so much smarter than them and they're always
following the trap but he's always
he's still you know slave
12 years slave and then we're going to do two years
as a real estate executive
just for international
yeah just because we lost some of the
cast and we wanted to hit that 14 year mark
so it'll be like
two years
two years are real estate executive
that's our aftermash
I don't know if Kevin Hart can pull off
real estate executive
when they did aftermash
none of these kids know what we're talking about
they're probably dimly aware of it
they know there was a show called MASH
it was based on the Korean word
who knows about MASH
okay okay okay
show MASH lasted 11 years
okay now who's seen it
same people
so there was a multi-camera
show that they aired for
six episodes called aftermash
about like three of the MASH
characters moving into an apartment together
the best ones the ones you want
well okay
no
not radar no sorry
okay Klinger, Father Mokehi and Colonel Potter
and they moved
Colonel Potter only had to do two out of every six
but
I wikipedia
recently it was like did aftermash really
happen and I kind of wikipedia
and they talked about the fact that
they were promoting it
because they were up against the 18
so they had these promotions where
Klinger was
shaving a mohawk
off of
a guy who had his back turned to camera
and they were like I'll take your mohawk
we're gonna fuck you up AT
was Klinger a barber
and the
aftermash
there was the presumption that he was always removing a lot of hair from his body
right
because he was Lebanese
what were the characters that they introduced
I mean there wasn't three people
and was it not in the Korean War
where are they now
it takes place in the aftermash
of the Korean War
it takes place in America
like they went back home
well that's the weird thing because of course as we know
the Korean War lasted what
two years
and the series lasted
eleven years
which is why Sony is always
so frustrated with me
look this isn't rocket science
it's okay that he said he needed a four year degree
just fucking make a tv show
until we're all dead
I wanted to make a sitcom
it'll be too late for a refund
we've established they're not very polite
you'll have their money
you know I did Golden Palace
so I have to recuse myself from this conversation
what's Golden Palace
it does sound like a Chinese restaurant
but it was the spinoff of the Golden Girls
with three of the Golden Girls
Don Cheedle
what the fuck are you talking about
what are you seriously talking about
I worked on the Golden Girls as a young man
and then they did
and then my
I was the young man
not so funny Mitch
get a cheese
come on guys don't treat me like I'm a fucking
Schrab over here
Mitch what was your rank on Golden Girls
so well here's the
Golden Girls was low level I think got up to producer
which sounds high level
I know it sounds like it
but then
you were overlord on the rest of development
underlord
Jack Lord
no so there's a
I know
this is the rehearsal right
when do we do the actual
so anyway they have the Golden Girls
three of the Golden Girls
B. Leaves
the Donald Lover of the Golden Girls
and I was suggesting
they bring in like Tony Randall
or something like that
but they said no we have a better idea
and the idea was the Golden Girls are broke
right they have no money so
they buy a 30 million dollar hotel
they're silver girls
in Miami and then they have to
you know they have to clean the rooms themselves
and that kind of thing because they just spent that 30 million
but it was the
three remaining Golden Girls
so it was like faulty towers meets Golden Girls
right with Don Cheadle
Meshack Taylor
yes in a funny way right
and Cheech Marin
no
I like that
this actually sounds great so far
that's it we did a whole season of that
Don Cheadle
in that super real Don Cheadle way saying
okay now hold on girls wait a second
Rose
you really like this guy
tell him
it doesn't matter if he's older than you
that sounds ahead of its time
because I immediately thought of Meshack Taylor
who but then realized
oh no that's not Golden Girls
that's Designing Women which is so many years later
and still the black guy in your sitcom
had to be in that case
I think he was playing a gay guy
but he was certainly like he was very
in Golden Palace
no no no Designing Women
like
it's been a long time coming
for black people on sitcoms
it's either like you're doing black sitcoms
and it's like hey it's Uncle Martin's place
or
it's like you're a white sitcom
we have not learned how to do sitcoms together
well in fairness
it's because
white people kind of have no right
to make black people funny
you know it really almost comes down
you can make them dumb
you can make them smart
anything is kind of offensive right
when it comes from
that red fox
during Sanford and Sun who wanted to get rid of all
the white writers
and so he had a whole African American writing team
and then they had a table read
and at the end of it he yelled
bring me my juice
which is a great way to look at
it's like in my juice
it's a great way to split the difference between white and black
it's white
like you know like
there's a historic significance to that idea
are you Jewish?
yeah I'm Jewish
which comes up
every time you know I take a bath
I'm confronted with that
with this fucking giant
blackness monster room size
but there's a historic significance
to the idea that in the
old days entertainment
along with handling money
and garments and all this stuff
that became stereotypical
that was
beneath the upper class
we're not going to handle that
banking you know all that stuff
but the idea that entertainment
was considered one of that it's dirty
it's pornographic basically
before there was pornography
entertainment was pornographic
the idea of making movies
that's why there's such a heavy tradition
of like
Jewish fellows
they
they go where they stick
their nose in a little
is that what you were going to say?
they stick their nose into
I'm pretty sure that's what he was going to say
don't make me the new fraud
he doesn't take that nose in our heads
historically they've gone
where we let them go
I said we
the chromagons let them go
it was
considered like beneath
like proper people
only the heaps would do it
is that what you're about to say?
unbelievable
I'm pretty sure that's what he was saying
whoa whoa Rob were you about to use the N word?
say it
that was Will Arnett
Will Arnett did that to Jason that's Will's joke
he was in a meeting with Jason Bateman
in the middle of it he said
were you about to say the N word?
and as Jason was saying
no he was like because that's not okay
I'm not down with that
and everybody of course just looked at Jason
no
one of those bright trot
Jason takes
Jews, black people, TV we'll figure it out
let's bring out Spencer Crittenden
hey everybody
what do you think about Jews and black people in TV?
I'm for them
it's an incredibly condescending attitude
that you can't win
you're part of the problem you know that
I'd like to think so
you have the beard
of a Talmudic scholar
I was thinking that
around here there's a lot of Hasidic Jewish neighborhoods
and I don't know
I don't think they have long not-beard
hair but I always wonder
when I'm walking amongst them like
do they know it pisses me off
do they know that you're just not one of them
having a really lazy day
because they're wearing a community t-shirt
and no Indiana Jones hat
wait
wait what?
that's what they wear
those like Indiana Jones hats
the big square ones?
no not the square ones
they're like round...
all I can say is Indiana Jones hat
you can't picture that what the fuck
he's never seen an Indiana Jones movie
no it's like an adventurer's
they don't wear those
but it is a funny idea for an adventure movie
where you have to get the hat under the
oh it's vague
of course it's the
tomb with all the gold that he has to go with
instead of snakes it's just gold
why did it have to be gold?
I could say that because I'm anti-Semitic
that's right that's fair
it's just
who I am
yeah but you could definitely
if you put a black Indiana Jones hat
on a suit
I kind of want to see that
I figured that they didn't have long hair
you see the earlocks and stuff
but their head hair is not that long
that might be true for all we know
you can hide it in the hat
the beard might be reserved
I feel about those guys the way
that a lot of gay people must feel about
like transvestites
like really we're in the same club
I'm on your side in this
hey treat us
fairly and you know obviously the guy
with the hat too
he's with us
or the gay person
who's got to say and also that
60 year old man who's dressed like a stewardess
be nice to him
in Brooklyn
in Williamsburg which is a very Jewish neighborhood
before it became all hipster
there's like certain places where
it's like a certain time, certain days
of the week I don't know much about
but there's only certain things you can do in the house
and you can't do them outside
on the day of Gahach
the third day of Gahach
you're thinking of the Beastmaster movie
so they have ropes
from their house
basically extending the boundary of their house
so you go down and it's all like
ropes around so you can basically do everything
I believe it, I don't know much about it
there's all kinds of amazing
I know more about Neanderthal
our mutual friend Ryan Ridley
he went through
oh yeah he had the period, I blocked it out
during that phase I was really
fascinated to hear about all of the
he went to Israel for a long time
what crazy shit do you believe
Sabbaths and shuls and
shabashivas and stuff were about
like
the idea that
the idea that you would have a day in the week
for your religion where the idea was
basically just put your fucking cell phone away
like don't tweet
don't
you can have your neighbors coming and turn on your oven, that's a thing
well yeah if they're not
other people
it's basically forcing your hand as a human being
it's saying are you human
it's such a cool
I think
we've talked about this before but it's like
obviously Christianity took this route that was like
holy shit let's
take over the world
let's have a Ronald McDonald
and let's have a corporate headquarters
and let's franchise
and let's have pretty low requirements
for our franchise
we should pass around a plate
whatever you want we're not looking
just God is who will decide what happens to you
but whatever you want
and I think people who fetishize Judaism
ideologically like I do
what you're fetishizing is the idea of keeping
it in the community which has
obvious benefits like it's so amazing
the idea of a religion that actually
deals with your neighbor
which it should the idea that
you and the people that live near us do
you could say that or you could say it's just piggybacking on
our natural proclivity to do that
what do you mean? well we're very social creatures
right?
that's why your religion should do that
but it kind of
it's like how a hypnotist holds the watch above
your eyes and then says you're getting sleepy
and you're actually just looking up
and you're hearing you're getting sleepy and your eyes are
kind of getting tired right but don't you think
to a certain point a magician's act
like to a certain point if that magician
is an asshole he might
end up molesting a Hooters waitress
with that power
or
I don't think you'd have to hypnotize them too
or if he's
a hypnotherapist he might use that power
to make a husband and wife
but that
has nothing to do
if you're saying that these
I mean I know you're not saying this but the idea of religion
I probably am if I know me the idea
of the religion saying to the magician
like and by the way don't finger
that little boy
is like you know again like I wasn't
going to but
it's nice to know that I get a reward for that
but wait are we talking
about the same thing? I don't think so
I don't think you're talking
about the same thing
I'm talking about Skud
but I'm supposed to be
an assassin now 20 years
as a guy raised
definitely like
semi-Christian totally not
Jewish but learning
what I've heard about the covenant
Judaism when you're growing up
like
I fetishize it the way I fetishize
like English
comedy like I because I look
over that fence and what I see is
community I see
not the show which is awesome
you see it everywhere
it's so interesting I saw it on the side of a bus
it's not
it's not centrally franchised and I think
that's the key it's the
it's the Saturn dealer of
religions it's
it's very important to not
centralize we do it anyway
is kind of my point everybody
fucks up every religion somewhere
every house you walk into
every place but I'm saying like
like the
central is the thing that doesn't
make sense is how you know it's
real
the thing you know
you cannot prove this if you're gonna try to
prove this then you don't get it
yeah that's fake
that's good religion though
isn't that better than
I demand everyone in this room realize
that your eyeball was built
by God no because if you demanded it
people would would rise up against it
so if you it's like that's
why I'm saying like the hypnotist if you give people what
they're kind of doing anyway
right and it's like hey you guys
are here so you must believe in Zinu
right it's like well
they're here like you know it's I
don't know it's just
I don't know but
there's there's something good there's a
difference between going with the flow
and exploiting natural
impulses people have
a tribal impulse
absolutely that's why
the Flintstones had a laugh track
because and no one went like
what the fuck this is a curtsy
no I knew it was Jerry Hanna
saying to Scott Barbera
if somebody shows you an image
these animals have a social instinct
no you're absolutely right
if somebody says to you hey listen to
200 people with you yeah like
not 2 million not 4 million not
6 million but 200 people
in the room with you laughing at something
do you it comforts you
and you you can relate to it
we can remember 200 people's names and stuff
so you you you go to your
shul I am I'm barfing
up things that I learned from my Jewish friend
well he was through his mega Jewish
phase but I was like this is so much
cooler than yeah then Sunday
school this is what I miss about like
Islam we would go to the mosque and it's
powerful whatever the ideas are but
there's like 200 people and we all believe
the same thing right that's what
that's what it's convincing you of
I mean I would argue that what
Spencer is about to take us through makes more sense
right yeah you know I was
just gonna say that religion
and devotion is a lot like
you know being you know fanaticism
it's all the same thing it's like
when people are really in to say
like a very well
high quality graphic
novel like about
maybe a robot that murders
people for a living
by the way it's Skud's 20th anniversary
yeah you know last night
Rob gave me that book not
too long ago but uh for your birthday
yeah and I hung out with him helping him
helping him helping him with his
AMA on reddit and oh yeah
like a friend like a real friend might do
like like like somebody
like my oldest friend no probably
would I also pick you up from the airport
no I will
so
I mean there's that
what was your proof
when your old friends like Steven Spielberg
doesn't pick George Lucas up from the airport
and he doesn't help him with his
AMA you get a Spencer
for that and then Spencer's awesome
I didn't even ask you
when you said your oldest friend you shot me a look
I don't want anything to do with this
I'm just going to be Jewish about this
super cool
now go back to talking
somehow the religion thing was less
controversial than the AMA
I did not understand that religion
discussion I'm sorry
I feel like we're not because neither of us
almost talked about my comic book
oh yeah we never got to
neither of us kind of formed our point
we might have been making the same one
we don't know I always feel like
I clumsily stumble
around this button at Harmontown
about the value
of religion and I'm talking to some very smart
you know
quite possibly
spectrum oriented people
who
very very justifiably
and very heroically like are very
skeptical about
any kind of
religion
in their life
I almost like
I never want to break down
that wall because that would be evangelism
and I'm not
I believe that when I die it's going to go black
and I probably have no idea
what's going to happen to that
but during my life
on this earth boy howdy
is there a whole bunch of shit that I can't
account for and don't understand
and I don't cotton
to
not exploring that stuff because
I think there's a higher power
to believe in the very lazy
natural neck pillow of going
you know what for now that stuff's called
asshole in the sky
who is
like self admittedly
in all of holy
literature
a guy who
alternatingly comes home from work drunk
or sober and in either case
might want to beat your ass
or help you out but I think the key is you try
you kind of I mean I'm complicit
in this too that you almost try
not to think about it and it so happens
that it is becoming more
socially appropriate
to challenge it which is probably
the only reason I'm even doing that because
the market, Sam Harris and everybody else
so we're
sorry go ahead you know
I was going to say that neck pillow
is shrinking as we sort of do
figure out all those things
that we don't need a God to be like
well God's angry that's why there's a hurricane
we know because the hot and the colder
however hard it can actually work
I don't know
well to mutilate that metaphor
the pillow shrinks as our neck shrinks though
we as a species like
we but
by the time we've gotten
down to.0001 seconds
after the big bang not knowing what's happening
by the time we're debating about gluons
versus zoons and blueons we also
at the same time are developing
weapons that can destroy us
in the blink of an eye so we
with one hand
it's so hard to articulate I have to
be such a more sober intelligent
academic person
or more drunk right I mean it's true
access it I never
I don't want any smart people to ever
ever ever drink any Kool-Aid
ever but I
want them to
allow themselves
the emotional and instinctive
joy that is
to connect
to the unknown
I think you have to
be stupid
that's not a religious phenomenon
in fact I would argue
I would argue that religion
that's not a religious phenomenon that
actually religion tries to quiet
that joyous acceptance
absolutely I will be the first
person if you want to burn down
a fucking establishment if you want
me to talk shit about
we could do there's a
temple on the corner of Highland
I mean I would
do you guys want to do that
if you
if you want somebody to take a big
steaming dump on modern
American Christianity
as it is served up to us I'm
first in line with you I'll do
a better more self-destructive job than
anybody I just think the big crime
is that is the mishmash
of like of the
you know we're wearing these crosses around
our necks the crosses because there's this
dude who mythical
like Paul Bunyan or not the story
is about a guy that's a great
story and he was a brilliant guy
to the point where and who said
to people here's the thing
all they can do is bully you to the point
where you're you're afraid to die
if you stop being afraid to die
they don't have any power over you
he was he was like I mean
the equations between that and Martin Luther
King jr. are not unjustified
like it was a person who without
question that is a human connection
that's human to human and the question
is when ichthyostega first crawled out
of the sea if they could pray
would the cross have like two
you know horizontal bars
because their god was a giant
ichthyostega and this simple doesn't matter
so now you flash forward to these
megachurches where people are being told
hey you don't have to understand any
of this all you have to do is accept
Christ as your savior and then
that's not religion
that I will be the first to agree
with Bill Maher
I think it's very interesting that you said that
taking the fear of death away
which is what a lot of religion does
there's something else after it because
that's all our instincts as animals
are about fearing death
staying away from death and in a way
and about our anxiety about causing it
yes exactly and I think
that's why it's an opiate
what religion does is
remove you from that and Islam is always about
body and spirit are two very different things
spirit is good, body is bad
and I think that's when religion can get harmful
well body and spirit gets tricky
that's where it gets tricky it also gets tricky
because you don't just define yourself
of what you are but by what you aren't
in opposition so
a lot of the problems that we have with
the biggest problem of religion is
Islam well we're right but also
that means that they're wrong so we should fix
that and that's where the problems come
in I think also religion is good because
you don't want everyone negotiating their own
morality you know like it's good
I think everyone in this room would probably
agree that the big
problem point
comes when oh now
we agree now we now we believe in some
kind of afterlife
and then politicians on
earth here and now start selling
you stakes in that
even if it's just by telling you oh
it's cool that you're poor the poorer
you stay the richer you're
going to be later that's
complete horseshit I don't think that
it's this afterlife concept
I think it's very harmful
incredibly because I don't
I mean the idea of
the messages behind religion that I've read
have to do with how you should live your life
right now none of them say curl up in a
ball and hang out for 40 years
and then die by saber-tooth tiger
and then tap dance
in the heaven with gishmahgas
but they're not ever about being good for
being good sick it's all about
the reward or the punishment like
Islam has to go to heaven
they say a lot of stuff but the people that play it up
for profit those are the people
that are that fuck things up
for the nice people but it's not even just
and ironically they won't go to hell
because there is
probably because that would be
a silly waste of spiritual resources
I mean really honestly
would it just be loaded with bad animals
too or is it just people
where do the bunnies go
we had a very in Islam it's very
specific it's like a hellraiser kind of hell
like if you listen to music when I was
a little kid we were told that they would pour
molten lead in your ears in hell
and I remember listening to Michael Jackson's smooth
criminal and being like I'm in trouble
because this song is so good
there's gotta be a point though where you'd be like
oh molten lead I don't care because that's the other thing
about hell is that it's eternal
you're like eight that's all that matters
is not getting molten lead in your ears
the thing that scares me about the concept of
hell was one of the smartest guys I ever knew
my high school dungeon master
Graham Cummings
he explained he said well
you know when you die
your last thought
the time it takes for you to think it
is relative
so for you
as a dying person
to other people you're already dead
your last thought
as you die we don't know how long
you think it relative to you
I was like
oh so if you're walking across the street
and you're like this
donut's too salty bus hits you
500 million years
this donut's too salty
that would be okay
but worse would be this bus is gonna hit me
this bus is gonna hit you
or more importantly like
my girlfriend's bitch
any hatred that you're carrying
or my donut is just salty enough
yeah
that's heaven bro
well
anything forever but I think you're perfect
saltiness level
I don't know anything about food
oh bacon's in this
that's your last one
I always think as a person
sounds like a very wise
dungeon master
I always
make it my goal to make sure that
that last thought will be like smooth as ice
I
I've been
outed as enough things
and I've got it it's all out there
I'm not hanging on to anything
when you die however you die
so that your last thought can be as close to nothing
as possible
so that if it lasts 50,000 years
it's just like
it probably doesn't
you probably don't
let's play Dungeons & Dragons
yeah
you probably don't
oh shit oh fuck I died
this heroine is great
I don't think this is a heart attack
this is a panic attack
Dr. Schroeder told me this is a panic attack
now it's the green wire
oh shit
it was probably the green wire
it's probably the green wire
I can make fun of Islam's Muslims are laid back
that's a good one
oh that kid with the very
heavy vest just wants to hug me
yeah
I love being a reservist
what a friendly lion
let me talk to these guys
I'm also waving
but um
oh hello
oh yeah you guys should all feel free to wave
where did he go
we were just trying to find him
shit we'll play Dungeons & Dragons
what's under your mind young man
well I had a couple of thoughts
about the whole religion conversation
I was hoping to chime in
I feel like we pretty much wrapped it up
I thought we
let's talk about this for another five hours
we usually have a policy of
you know what
come on up here
we'll be pretty
hypocritical of us to
to say
you might as well take mic microphone
watch out he has a vest
well I've got to say
I heard first that this was going to be a Schrab.episode
my first thought was damn it
and then you tore my part for half an hour
which was the best thing ever
the fact that you had
a pre-written opener
is worrying us
you told us you had thoughts about religion
like we want you to be sincere
yeah it doesn't include banter
I apologize
well no it got me thinking because
I'm an aspiring scholar of religion
as Spencer said I've got me thinking
because you're comparing
Judaism
which the reason for the side locks
and for the rope attached to the house
it's about how far you can travel on the Sabbath
what constitutes travel on the Sabbath
that's the reason for the side locks
no the ropes that extend your house
yeah it's all things
those ropes are not that light
that sounds about it
but the thing is
because there are 613 mitzvah
rules that shalt and shalt not
in the Old Testament and those are the neck pillow
the way they experience
their connection with what is
beyond us
and to them that structure there's actually a really good Jew
blog called Jew in the City
Jew blog yeah Jew in the city
it's an Orthodox Jewish blog about this lady
and how she and how they use
I find it doesn't update on Fridays
there's just a rope hooked up to a keyboard
there you go
just
just waving
no I'm just waving
and those structures are how they
are how they connect with God and then on the other end
you've got I'm behind
personally and we have a very very loose
very easygoing spirituality and what
I'm bewasted by the way
very good
well what you said over there you said that
I'm not
I'm not you said that
more like buh-bye go ahead
tell me
I was just going to say that what Mr. Hurwitz over there said that
what we're about to do with Spencer makes more sense than
you know religion X
a lot of friends of mine are hardcore rules lawyers
and that's how they enjoy the game
they enjoy having an answer or a do or do not
for any given situation right like a give and take with God
Yes!
No that's right
man you really
launched a scud missile at his argument
a religion with a monotheistic
God which is what
I hope I don't offend anyone by saying this
what
the Hebrews invented
what they brought into
popular usage which is
a relationship with one dude
who was coming home drunk
and mad
well I hope you do not piss off drunk daddy when he comes home
and then you go and you
debate the rules
and you finger your beard and go like
well when he said this did he really mean that
and it's part of the game and it's fun
it's a covenant
if you will with like
a game isn't a game if it doesn't have rules
exactly and then you've got people like
Moses Maimonides who figured out the whole
what constitutes travel on the Sabbath
thing and so people figuring out how to experience
that on their own after the rules have already
been laid down which is essentially home brewing
like God somehow thought you know if they live on
Detroit or maybe on you know
that street that's parallel to Fairfax
that's a duplex situation
so there's a height
issue
you can go down you can go down
you can stay up there
alright so can we engage
in the ancient Hebrew
tradition of ejecting you from the
stage
I know
it wasn't a disagreement
we got kicked out of Eden
exactly it's just an emerging trend
and I won't break it
thank you sir what was your name
Casey thank you Casey
thank you Casey
very nice to meet you
behind has some
Islamic influence right
we're actually the christianity to
Islam's Judaism
so you hate us
the christianity
to Islam's Judaism
I like how messed up that is
I have a t-shirt that says that
we are we think of ourselves as
the metal arc lemon to
Penny Marshall's
Joe Biden
when we get out of the 60's
the 70's look like the 90's
we're the after-match
to the ipads
whatever
I think the Baha'i thing was I think that's what
Ridley got into
is not
he got into Orthodox Judaism
Baha'i is its own religion that sort of
takes influences from
we emerged in an Islamic context
stop
this is going to be a funny one
I think you should
I don't think we should yell out stop at people
I understand
it's very new right
I understand you want the show to be good
I mean
you roll the dice
you live your life organically
you do a fucking show
you talk about what you talk about
you take the good with the bad
people wonder
these are the facts of life
you take the good
you take the bad
you take them both
and then you have
you have some episodes
that are me and a blackout drunk
talking about gender neutrality
you have the power to go change the channel
then you're watching Big Bang Theory
and go watch that
this is free and it's two hours long
and you get what you get
it's not free
but it's very cheap
I have pain a lot
this is ten dollars for you guys
fuck you
and several hours of standing on your feet
in a comic book store
Spencer I'm sure you're not angry right now
about the amount of time you've been allotted
for your Dungeons & Dragons
just disappointed
no I don't know
I don't care about
I'm more upset on Trob's behalf
to be perfectly honest
why are you upset?
because I get to come on every day
and be ignored so
like he only gets this opportunity
I just wanted to say
I read a couple issues as a kid
but you know I got that book from him
and I read it last night
straight up until four in the morning
just reading the whole fucking thing
it's fucking great
thank you
and
a lot of things that have been discussed tonight
are themes that the whole
novel kind of at least
pokes fun at if not explores to some level
very true we definitely get heavily into
Judaism
yeah definitely
we take it apart piece by piece
yeah
we take the pieces and we
fucking shit on them
hmm
I don't know
so
if you love Judaism
or hate it
you'll love Skud the disposable assassin
I feel like that's everyone in the world
aha marketing
but yeah that was all I had
it seemed a little kiss-assy of you
it's a really fucking good graphic
novel I know that
I've been his friend I've paid my dues
well you wouldn't think that from listening
to this podcast
you'd think it from listening to me for the last
20 years how much time have you put in
with this fucking guy not enough
he's difficult to deal with
not enough
nah I hear you
he will high road you
he'll low road you
oh I know
you don't know you don't know
yeah you're right
hey what's the complete collection
tell me about the complete collection
it's like you get by all the Skud in one
you just gave it to me
I'm reading it right now
it's the whole book
it's called the whole shebang
Skud and you can get it on Amazon
yes are we doing an ad
well I'm just saying people want to listen
oh yeah you can get it on Amazon
fuck it let's just do Dungeons & Dragons
whatever
I mean sure
I need to pass out the character sheets first
also what character
you guys saw how many texts this guy sends
to my girlfriend fiance
congratulating her
on turning me straight
this stuff I could throw him under the bus
we've been friends for 20 years
I'm the bad guy
he likes to
he likes to he knows what he's doing
I'm not doing nothing
that's what he's doing
he acts like he's not doing anything
well that was funny to make fun of him
I just read it
it's great it's mostly pictures
but I agree
no it looks great
I'm like four pages into it
so Dan you wrote this with a guy named Monty and Rob
there was three guys
different issues or what
what's the relationship
it's a story by Dan Harmon
and Rob Schrab
is Monty Carter just like some kind of name
for the two of you combined
he's just a guy
he wrote some stuff
didn't pull his weight
yeah we wrote him
I promise you he doesn't listen to anything
or watch community
he does not want to see you guys be successful
Monty is you can say whatever you want
about Monty
he stopped he's
we purposely avoided anything with your name on it
for a long time
in fact somebody
was going to say Monty they were talking about you
I don't want to hear it
I'm happy for their success
help me fashion this noose
so it'll take some time
to catch them up on what's going on
with D&D right
yeah
yeah will
I recall a very passive aggressive skeleton
who
I'll catch them up
our characters were walking
in the snow
away from the last adventure
to the next one
and we were being led by a skeleton
with orange glowing hands
and
an inflated sense of self-importance
but that's
my description so don't
racially common among skeletons
racist
then
so we were walking with him and because I was in a blackout drunk
the previous time I was
asking for I just said
is this guy cool
we said are you cool and he said yeah
I'm your friend and we said how do we
know you're our friend and he said
I'm not eating your face
I took a
fence at that
I felt like that was a threat
yeah okay all right I could see that
yeah
so then we exchanged words
and then that's all at the end of it
I guess he was going to be some kind of badass
so you took a friend
and you made him our enemy
he does this
you dropped the skeleton
you know Mozart was good at piano
time will tell which skill is more important
yes I took a friend and turned him into an enemy
Jackson Pollock took a canvas
and turned it into a dynasty
yeah
not an enemy
he didn't take something great
and make it of lesser value
yeah
you know Hitler did that with the Jews
they turned them
into enemies
Jackson Pollock was risking
lowering the value of a blank canvas
that's true
he was doing a splattering paint everywhere
it was a pretty selfish move
he wasn't exercising any fucking
he was like I'm a baby
I want to
he knew that there were people that needed that canvas
you know there's kids in Africa
who have no blank canvas
who can eat that canvas
are there really kids in Africa
I pictured right
less and less
no they're growing up
they're getting older
they're becoming kids in Africa who were born in 1994
almost as old as your comic book
it is fucked up in Africa man
I mean first of all let's open that up to the group
anybody want to weigh in
on how to fix Africa
there's a continent of troubles
oh my god
there are parts that are really
really going through
oh I'm sure there's jewels of Africa
yeah I'm sure there's bustling
metropolis
yeah central Africa
I read something yesterday that was so
horrifying that I'm not even going to say it
no I'm not going to say it
okay alright
that's the one thing that
Tune into Harmontown After Hours
to hear what Camille was going to say
come on
you don't want me to
it's like really dark shit
we're in the Africa segment
fucking say it
I brought it up it's Harmontown
okay well I didn't
are you sure?
there's a guy
okay there you go
I forget what he calls himself
like Hand of God or something like that
this is not the conny thing
and he videotapes
don't nobody
yeah you asked
google it
what were we talking about
oh Africa
yeah that's right
you remembered it
so that's a lot like
they got Christian
they got Christian the lion too
it's not all bad
I guess there's AIDS
let's get out of this conversation
I saw Dallas Byers Club
Matthew McConaughey is so charming
he's got great abs
we should exercise and try and get abs
I think we're out
I forgot about AIDS
in Spencer's defense
Camille's exit strategy of
Dallas Byers Club wasn't that clean
that tunnel didn't take you through AIDS country
yeah
but we're in AIDS country
we gotta go through a little bit of AIDS country
to get out of AIDS country
there's AIDS all around us
I just went the direction of McConaughey
that was the least successful ride
I think Disney ever tried
the AIDS country and the AIDS country critters
they try to have
the boat drivers
do comedy
and it's just sad
I can't tell if I'm in on the joke
does AIDS get the joke
hey look out for that elephant over there
he's spraying AIDS on you
just kidding but that monkey will
hey he doesn't work here
and then actual AIDS
you working for tips just take me
around the river
well I mean don't get me started on that
are you pointing at me and laughing
and hearing at me
you were talking you got a microphone
it's called Harmontown
I'm gonna be looking at you while you're talking
you know the look you were giving me
welcome to passive aggressive town
look at me like you want to eat my face
oh he's the skeleton
I feel like a skeleton after I'm gone
we got four minutes
we need to pass these things out
no we shouldn't
I got to do extra work if we
stretch three more minutes I won't have to do anything
I think we're out of stuff though
I can tell you
I also think it's a special Harmontown
it goes a half hour longer
fuck you
you want to pass out the character sheets then
that's actually true
it does it amortizes their ten dollars
it's less per minute now
it's Monday
it's not that late
Jeff would never allow this to happen
yeah right
so good
so this is there would you talk
talk he wants to talk
I like that people are gonna be like oh an extra half hour
they're listening at home and it's just silence as we
get our character sheets
just use that 15 seconds skip button
now
I went on a vision
quest on Friday
maybe you can fill the time with one
of your horrible stories and then we'll catch up
right before
this guy's tapping himself
so you know how flammable
okay I think we're out of time
okay let's
what do you mean you went on a vision quest
I went on a vision quest
have you ever had a
strong like sense of what you should do in your mind
and you just go do it
right now I do
what are you feeling
do it
I found the mighty Morpheus
I'm sorry
we bought those mics today
and you already
Schrabbed it up
did you take mushrooms or something
no I just had the sense
like my car was gone it was early morning
I hadn't eaten or drank anything
I was like oh shit I gotta go find
the mighty Morphin Power Ranger's secret hideout
I don't think you know what vision quest means
I'm starting to feel
these people aren't gonna get their money's worth
out of this extra half power
you know what I mean
so basically you needed an omelet in you
or something
that's how it starts
I just mean that's how it starts
they don't eat omelets and then they get ideas
alright well they shot that crap
in the desert so you want to see a rock
or something
they shot the exteriors in this building
it's called the house of the book
it's a Jewish university
oh thread connect
house of the book
it's called the house of the book yeah
it's a great thing
see I told you Jews were forced to work
in television
so do we have the
do we have the music cue for Spencers
we don't have it do you have anything
they do have it
let's play it for Spencers
maybe play
maybe go watch Citizen Kane
play an Adam Corolla
podcast we're just gonna
bump this thing up an extra 10 minutes
or so yeah right
okay so I wrote this one
from the perspective of Lenev
so this is all metagame information that you don't know
yeah
I am Lenev the rebel from the city
of Tormatour
Lenev is the asshole skeleton that
fucked with me
I am captain of the death guard
and peacekeeper for the city of Unshackled Dead
our city is in peril
344 of our most skilled craftsmen
lost their lung lives today
crushed to redef by a castle
falling from the sky
the sages sent me to investigate the disaster
and I discovered four living suspects
among the wreckage
at first their antics seemed harmless
merely self-destructive
but they became more neurotic as time passed
their leader taunted me
threatened me and then broke into
song about eating dirt
I was ready to leave
but then he lay down on the ground
hurling insults at me and demanding I
eat his face
with some random destructive impulses
I had no doubt that these were the cretins
involved in the disaster
almost certainly dooming
our culture
and then he called me Laverne
I snapped
it's Lenev
he lunges at your throat
thank you for calling me the leader
yeah
alright fine he lunges at my throat
you took a friend and you made him an enemy
that's what's happening
does anyone have any clarifying questions
no get those out of the way
no eat my throat
see where it gets you
I mean can I
oh is he coming for him
can I shoot him with my Elizabethan eyes
you can try
just because I feel bad
for attacking you guys
it goes awry it doesn't hit anything
alright so I looked to Lenev and I go
I didn't mean to hit you I wasn't trying for you
this is occurring
mid Lenev Lunge
he grasps you
by the throat with his glowing hands
and you feel the blistering hot energy
around your neck
you take some damage
hold on
just seven damage
and you feel an intense heat around your throat
as he's trying to throttle the life out of you
I go
it's a nerving
I'll put it at a
Dan's turn
how interesting
level six sorcerer
am I
take a look at my wares
magic and otherwise
seem to have
lost my spell sheet
that's that ring with sharpie spells here
okay
you know what
this isn't a good time to fuck around
I think we should go shocking grasp
since he's up close and personal
I grab him and I say
shocking grasp
try that
as he's grabbing you
you find it very easy to touch him
with your shocking grasp
and you hit him directly
dealing some damage of some sort
21 electricity damage
surges through his body
he's all like
wait but skeletons wouldn't be hurt by electricity
right? they don't have anything
who
side are you on
in the morning
I don't know
in the evening who's side are you on
when you sit down to supper
better make him your mind real quick
it's a fair point but as far as I'm aware
skeletons only have resistance to cold
well and you go down that road
and it's like well how's the skeleton really grabbing him
he has no tendons
it's a can of worms
did we just find out
that this game's dumb
if you remove all the bones from my body
can I go golfing in the rain
was that science? no
it was still danger
so he's so
shocked in pain
from the shock that he actually lets go of you
and stumbles back a few feet
staggering style
and I say enough if you want it
to be enough
it could be enough
I could rephrase that
basically my point is
we don't have to do this
inbomb
that happens yeah
he has a response maybe
but it's Schrobb's turn now
who's character do you get Rob?
I got Aaron's character
Mulrainee
I've got Mulrainee's character
I'm going to use uh
fuck man
what are we doing here
what are we really doing
what do we know about Aaron's character
we know she doesn't spend a lot of time shopping
I told him
you don't have to do anything
first off
take the ring off
throw it on the floor
and uh
I take the dog and move out
I think
my amulet will do that
roll to see if I
get to keep the cat
you don't
get the cat
what's the amulet of summer do
that will read you in magical flames
set me on fire
yes
but it doesn't hurt though
not like what they were doing in Africa
I turn on my amulet of summer
and then I
and then I start chasing the skeleton around
no no no
we were trying to be friends with the skeleton
he was like hurting him
but now he's a dick
I don't know what the fucking people are doing
he's like strangling him
but shocked him
am I still on fire while they're yelling at me
stop yelling at me
I'm on fire now
what do you want me to do
try and talk to him while you're on fire
hey
listen to me for a second
can you hear
listen
he's a dick sometimes
but we'll be nice to you
if you settle down a bit
okay
just relax
don't listen to him
shut the fuck up for two seconds
so you say those things
he's not really responding
so
this is word for word what happened was Sarah Silverman
you didn't say anything
you didn't respond
I grab his arm and I shake it
of course you're on fire
I know, listen
yeah you grab his arm
and I shake it
and it burns his bones
burn your bones now huh
now settle down
you need to settle down now
knock it off
quit barking at the cars
every time they drive by the house
it's not having the intended effect
ridiculous you're acting ridiculous
look at yourself
you're so stupid
it's not working
you look like Matthew McCoy
should I get more on fire
maybe if I was more on
I don't think the issue is that you're not enough on fire
cause I'm completely on fire
you're all the way on fire
does anything burn
flammable else other than myself
you're as on fire as you can get
it's pretty much a binary way
we should cook something
we don't know when we're gonna eat again
I've got his one arm
if you give me like a bucket with some water
and I'll hold that and we'll
make some soup or something
I'm gonna try to make him pee himself
you can do that
yeah I'll put that out
settle down, you need to settle down skeleton
skeleton you need to settle down
Christopher's term
oh tap that
I don't think I can
so what's happening is he attacking him
he's getting grabbed on his arm right now
that guy is
the nevus
what I do is
and I'm still
not myself right
that's crazy
I
I fucking throw up on him
and I say
you throw up on him
but he doesn't seem too bothered
for whatever reason
we're trying everything
everything in the book
we've tried fire
if you hang on him
you shocked him with your fingers
he seemed like all the things that bones would be
especially since
and he's just looking at us
well I don't know why he's not bothered by it
because my thing is
acidic and acid hurts bones
wait a minute
what if he's already dead
he is a skeleton
are you already dead
are you already dead and you're making us look ridiculous
don't waste a turn asking him that
the answer won't help us in battle
let's just assume
we would not have been in battle
if it wasn't for
you know what
let's not bring up old shit
so
are you playing Mitch
do you know what's happening
I've never felt more in my life
like I'm in a dream
than when this happens
even actual dreams
where it's just like
we're talking about this thing
I don't understand
why were you trying to contribute
I wake up and think
you should have just been quiet
make something clear to you
whatever you do with your turn
the next turn is the asshole skeleton's turn
he's probably going to kill me
you have to do something effective
I'm Monty Carter
no
you're a fighter
and I'm consumed with resentment
I'm pork
this is
you're going to have to take all that out right
no he doesn't
I promise
he doesn't listen
and now he's not going to watch arrested
I mean we're losing him on a couple of fronts
so
now just give me this tiny little piece of
information
what are we trying to do
do we want him on our fighting team
well he was on our fighting team
and then one of us
so we're kind of trying to
win him back and now he's just left handed
because
we're going to kill or subdued
kill or subdued
really? yeah
that's an easy one
so you're a barbarian with a big sword
you have a big sword
do you have an amulet of summer
rage powers
am I just somebody?
the sword catches fire
sword catches fire
low light vision
your sword catches fire
so I've got a flaming sword
which is also the name of my nightclub
flaming sword
flaming sword yeah
long line
that's what we do
we line them up
but anyway
I'm going to use my flaming sword
and I'm going to go right down the middle
right down the middle
I'm going to bisect him
he's going to become a bisexual
as I
turn him into
rubble
swinging your mighty sword aloft
it glows with a bright
flame
you cleave right into his shoulder
and you slice straight
through his arm
the one that Rob's holding as it happens
that sucks that one was already incapacitated
the arm comes right off
and he takes some damage of some sort hold up
yeah he lost his arm
well 10 damage
he takes 10 damage as his arm
falls clean off his face
that's not where arms are attached
wait so you just got it
he might have been put together wrong come to think of it
he has an arm on his face
no no my mistake
and maybe I scream like go back to elementary school
in science class and dangle in front of those kids
and then I
he takes it to heart
he's insulted
so
he looks at his stump and he's like
oh shit that's it
kid gloves are coming off
but they don't have to
you could be our friend
you're jumped in now
you've got one kid glove left
we all did this to each other
that's why we're friends
we make some mistakes
we're the 2-7 boys
you're not
you're not convincing him unfortunately
he's seen through
the deception in your eyes
I feel like if we hadn't talked about religion so much
he would be a lot
friendlier am I right
yeah I think we alienated him
I don't get it
anyway
he said that thing that he said
that he said
and then you hear this
the intense sound of snapping and cracking bones
and you see two more
bony arms just kind of burst forth out of his back
and now he has three arms
and he's like I ain't got one arm no more
see
the two arms in the back
are useless
if you're having a baby
and you see a baby that has two arms on its back
you throw it back
you say do over
do over
so he does that
and then he's like
I didn't get to be the captain of the death guard
by getting my arm chopped off
and then just listening to people insult me
while I'm just describing the situation
I got it
by casting haste
and then
he kind of disappears
you don't see where he's gone
that's over
we won again
see if him
oh good
well good work guys
we should probably give each other battles
I think we all said some things we regret
yeah but
I was well then end well
kind of like him
before reappearing behind sharpie Buttsalot
what
hey look who's here
his three glowing hands they change their glowingness
they stop glowing orange and they start glowing blue
they kind of
make her with a blueish flame
and he stabs them at you like daggers
you dodge one of them
but two of them plunge
into your body and
you feel just really cold
inside like a cold
winner's day
not here though in LA like a cold place
but inside of him
yeah
you take one negative level
well the joke's on you because dan already feels
all cold inside anyway
he's used to it
I hope you had fun doing that
oh it's your turn by the way
oh me me personally
yeah
I'm gonna fuck this motherfucker
so for real
I'm not kidding
um
this is like
those list of spells it was just
ah
would you
consider him a creature
look we're not leaving until this fight is over
that's it no we're gonna fuck this guy
can I cause fear on him
ah no the undead are immune to fear
fuck off
sorry I'm drunk
that's fair
fine call out
fuck this fucking ass
alright fuck him
don't I have a higher level summon monster
than level one
what do you mean sure
I'm looking at this spell list you put together
it's like you picked my spells
that I picked
yeah
like I'm a little baby and you
do my happy meal
behind the scenes work
but I have other spells than this available
well not since I restatted you as a pathfinder
what's this some guy yelling out yeah from the audience
alright look that's John Pathfinder
he is cool
alright well I'm just like
look he's behind me
he phased in behind me yeah yeah
can I do a fireball
and his bony ass
face yeah but it like it explodes
outwards and it's gonna hurt me
yeah probably
same with lightning bolt no lightning
bolt you could definitely do fuck
lightning bolt do you want some help
lightning bolt behind me over my shoulders
casting your arms in a magical
manner you channel a lightning bolt
of arcane energy
fire it directly out of your back
it blasts
straight through his chest all regions
continues on into the darkness
behind and he takes
some damage probably bone
to meet you
yeah that's good
that's the poster
what about I have a bone to pick with you
doesn't that would have been good
we'll workshop it
first order of business kill him
second order of business be clever
taking 15 damage
in the process
is it in the arm
now it's in the chest
yeah
putting it at your turn
well I have
something I want to throw out to the group here
dealing with the undead
there they probably
well
you start off so confident
I ran out of steam there
since it's undead
don't you think healing
would probably do the opposite
love it
healing your medicine is poison to him
right heal him
fix him and I'm still on fire
and I'm still on fire right
yeah give him some medicine
I go I raise my hand
excuse me sir
is it too late to be friends
you look rather shambled
in your bony stature
I bet you wouldn't
please say what
and uh
I'm sorry I'm sorry
I hope you don't mind
if I heal you
and then I do
my heel spell on him
what heel spell
this skill
yeah that's like
first aid and stuff
I think it's a great idea because also
it gives him the strength to fight us more
everybody's laughing over each other I don't know what I'm doing wrong
wait you're healing the enemy
and you don't know what you're doing wrong
but he's dead if I make him alive
he might be our friend
I am on board with your plan
everything goes by Adam's family rules
delicious soup tastes bad to him
right
it's bizarro guys so
so
heel skill is like
you know how to handle snake bites
and you can set a bone
set a what
a what
I could what
you could fix a broken bone
I do that
I do it
this is your game man
I'm just playing it
yeah
that is bone
that pisses him off right
no
which bone
the one that's broken
what the fuck
you reattach
his severed arm
no no no no
I don't get what you're doing then
it's a little confusing
I'm confused
same with me
I think this will work
kill him with kindness
wait a minute
yes
so
put his arm back on
you're laughing at me now
they laughed at Columbus
you stick his arm
actually
they laughed at Columbus when he undiscovered America
he wasn't a skeleton
you stick his arm back
on
he flexes
his fingers
don't feel so dead now
do you
I don't know how to
respond to that
good
what's his reaction
well if you asked him that question
like you said you did
it feels fine
would be his response
he's getting healthier
which is bad for a skeleton
that's undead
this is great
he's got any band-aids come on let's do this
do I have any
let's heal this guy
rubbing alcohol
do I have any like
do I have like a cake I could give him
some meals for
let's throw him a party
let's really
fuck him up
do I have
do I have anything
you have like a hunk of meat like an animal
alright I say put the meat on the arm
put the meat on his arm
put the meat on the arm
I yell
I yell ET bone home
I put meat on his arm
yeah nice to meet you
nice
and I cook it with
you know my body is still on fire
yeah this is totally working
Mitch take it home
take it home
back in a flesh
I was wrong this game is fun
this is a fun game
I would like to
find him a place to live
let's get him an apartment
and uh
mix the methods
so we're gonna just
so far it's been working
up until your turn
get him a profile on okcupid
hold on a second
um
I have a moment of clarity
uh huh
and
and um
and I agree with uh Schrab
I say you know what we gotta kill this guy with kindness
let's bring him back to life
just bring him to death
so maybe with my moment of clarity
I convince him to be our friend
let's see here
I say we got all sorts of tricks
we got all sorts of tricks like this
we've got a thing
we've got a thing that grows your hair
you're gonna
and I know you hate the way you look
I mean why would you not
but no don't go there
but we uh but
I think we could really do a number on you
let's do the pretty skeleton
you know and take it down
let's do a makeover
let's do a whole makeover
we chopped his arm off
reattached it, stuck a piece of meat on it
so if we can do that
now we're telling him we can regrow his hair
yeah
so uh
yeah you say those things
with your silver tongue
and
you know it starts to sink in a little bit
nice nice
nice
he's like you know what
some longer hair might be nice
yeah
how does that happen, how do we make that happen
well that's uh
Mulraine has a craft
we want to speak to you about the Baha'i Faith
and uh
it's true, it's faith
yeah say Baha'i
well we could
I mean don't we have
we have no propitia or anything
you know the
I have craft supplies
right, can you make a wig out of them
I could probably make a wig
let me look at my supplies
I have a ribbon dagger
you can have the ribbon from that
make a bow for the hair
you're loosing them
that's not what you promised, you're loosing them
oh it's not working
we'll lose the ribbon
the ribbon's gone
ribbon's gone
you like the meat on your arm
you like the meat
you like the reset phone
I've got a nutsack, I swear to God
you probably made a hundred jokes about this
but nutsack is right there in my gear
you don't have a nutsack
that's going to be hanging out anyway
just like we have, it goes right
it just staples right in there
okay so
out of the craft supplies
I took some construction paper
and I've
done some streams
and stuff
so where do we land on the bow, no?
no bow?
no bow, no bow
just some nice construction paper
construction paper hair
nice feathered
John Bon Jovi
back the fuck off for two seconds
okay here we go
there
don't get too close, he doesn't like you
look how
I'm just saying, he looks nice
and this is Elmer's, we just rub that in
and that
now look
somebody break the river over here
so we can see his reflection
who ordered the beefcake?
love your nutsack
man
this is looking pretty great
you guys should meet my friends
yeah
that's right
but you're not going to go out like that, right?
I mean go out with us
do your friends threaten people?
no
wait dude, please
I'm kidding
well it's time for a slow motion
walk down into the sunset
with these five friends
new paper hair
and we're at the end of our show
we each grab one of his hands
oh yeah, we each hold one
and we all walk around
alright, yay!
that's the end of our show
thanks for sticking around
for an extra long
Harmontown
a super special hand
for our guest comptroller, Mitch Harowitz
thank you guys
thank Kumail and Rob
thank you for coming
do you have something to say about the skud stuff?
oh, okay
so there's skud books on everybody's chair
and stuff like that
if you want them, please take them home
but if you're really not going to want them
don't throw them out, give them back to me
because they're priceless
okay, so they're vintage
they're vintage and they're worth something
I'll take them back
okay cool, thanks to Zach and Dustin
thanks to Emily for saying
you should have a podcast two years ago
thanks to NerdMelt for hosting us
thanks to Danielle
and all the little scooters and booters
that do all the running and gunning around here
and we'll see you next week